[MUSIC]
Hello I'm Alex Bouche from
learntoprogram.tv and in this video
I'll be teaching you the very basics of
variables within Python.
So then first thing we need to do is
create a new page, a new file rather
and we'll just call this one variables.py.
Once we've done that then le, all we're
going
to do is just run some very simple code.
I'll explain what these, this code means
in later videos.
This is just to show you how you set up a
variable.
So a variable is defined by a name.
Which you can call whatever you want, but
it does follow certain rules.
So the name, I can just type it like this
and that will be a variable called name.
However, and, it could have name_1, and
name_alex, nameAlex.
But it can not start with a number and it
cannot have searches and bull switches,
stars and slashes within it, because they
mean something different within Python.
So, as a general rule you either have two
ways different ways of writing your
of writing your variables, and these are
two different conventions.
The first one's called Camel Casing,
which is where you write it as such where
each new word starts with,
a new capital, and that makes it so you
can sort of read what it is, what it does.
The other way is to use underscore.
You can use whichever method you prefer.
I'm going to be using camel casing within
these videos.
So if you decide you do want to use
capital casings then you should follow
exactly what I write.
If you decide you want to use underscores
instead because you find it easier to
read.
Where ever I have a capital letter just
replace it with an _ and the lowercase
letter.
Now the reason you follow, people those
conventions.
Is simply because it makes the code more
readable.
So if you were to run into problems and
you needed somebody else's help.
You send them the file they'll be able
to read, easily, what each of your
valuables are.
If you have everything in lowercase, then
it's harder to read.
And, as you can see, although that is a
very
short and easy sentence, it is a confusing
thing to read.
It is much easier if it was camel cased or
with underscores.
So the next thing that we need to cover
within variables is
if we had a variable, and I'll just call
this one number.
Now, to assign a value to it, you have to
just do an equal sign and then [SOUND] a
number.
And then what you're going to do [SOUND]
if we print the number.
[SOUND] Then that is perfectly fine, and
that is more work.
And if we run this script.
You'll see where you get the output of 42.
If I was to change this to 500, you'll see
we get the output of 500.
So, everything works exactly as you'd
expect it to.
But a variable is made up of three
different things and that is because in
Python it
is considered to be a object, and every
single type variable is considered to be
an object.
So, as it is with all code
within Python because it's an object
orientated language.
You don't really need to know what that
means, it just means that everything
revolves around a
certain way of structuring your code which
I'll
get into late, again later on in these
videos.
And so what we can do is check what the ID
of a variable is.
We can check what the and the value and
the variable
is and we can also check what the type of
variable is.
And the way we do this is we do ID number
and that will allow us
oh, sorry we need to print that out.
And doing that, there you go, you see we
get a unique
number, and every single variable that we
create will have a different number.
And this number is, it's a, a sorta
address on your memories
or your RAM, and that is just where each
one of your variables is stored.
And although we don't use this very often
is usual to
know that each valuable will be stored in
a different place.
And that the variable name is just a
different, is just a nicer, memorable
way of writing each of our numbers or each
of our variables is stored.
Now you can also get the type and I'll
cover data types in a
couple of video's time, but here you can
see we get a class of int.
Int stands for integer and there are
several other ones, which I'll cover later
in this class, which all have very special
purposes and their own special meaning.
And sometimes, if something is the wrong
type then it will cause the code that
you have written to not work properly so
it is useful to understand the different
types and so, als, when, when you're
looking for your code if you
were to debug it, then to use this type
function is quite a useful tool to have.
Where it says class there, that just means
it is an object.
So you can ignore that, because we will be
covering classes later
on, but it's not something you really need
to understand at this moment.
So thank you for watching, I'll see you in
a later video.
And I'm Max Bowers from learntoprogram.tv.
[MUSIC]